URL: https://www.nytimes.com/2020/09/02/opinion/remote-learning-coronavirus.html
To hear more audio stories from publishers like The New York Times, download Audm for iPhone or Android.

While President Trump has insisted that schools physically reopen, the private school his son Barron is attending is sticking with remote learning.

Yes, that feels like a double standard, but it’s more complicated than that. Barron will have a computer and internet access at home. He’ll have adults making sure he does his work, and he’ll be able to eat his fill without free school lunches.

In short, affluent children will mostly be fine even without in-person classes. But one study found that almost 17 million American children live in homes without high-speed internet, and more than seven million don’t have a computer at home. For disadvantaged kids, “online learning” is an oxymoron.

Prolonged school closures will worsen dropout rates across the nation, for missing just 10 percent of class days is associated with a sevenfold increased risk of dropping out. Even in normal times, only 53 percent of children attending Bureau of Indian Education schools finish high school. Closures after Hurricane Katrina led many students to leave school for good.

URL: https://www.washingtonpost.com/technology/2020/09/25/privacy-check-blacklight/
How bad has privacy become on the World Wide Web? Really bad, a new audit shows. At least 87 percent of the world’s most-popular Web domains engage in some form of digital tracking without you ever signing in, according to investigative journalism nonprofit the Markup. Many, it found, even covertly record the way you move your mouse or type. This is the hidden tech that lets companies learn who you are, what you like and even the secrets you look at online so they can tailor what you see, make ads follow you around — or even sell your information to others.

The good news: You can run a privacy check on any site yourself by using the free tool made for the audit, called Blacklight. Think of it, in the Markup’s words, as a “meat thermometer that you can stick into any website and get an instant reading on its level of creepiness.”

Advertisement

Blacklight was created by Surya Mattu, who wanted not just to stop website snooping, but a tool to see exactly what was going on when you visit sites with the default Google Chrome, the popular browser I once dubbed “spy software.”

Earlier this month, engineer and journalist Mattu ran Blacklight on a list of the 100,000 most-popular domains on the Web. Some of those addresses didn’t have a website on them or wouldn’t load. But of the more than 80,000 that he could scan, a grim picture emerged.

Worse, Mattu’s numbers are likely conservative. On sites that ask you to accept cookies before they’re loaded, particularly common in Europe, Blacklight doesn’t click “accept” — so those sites registered as less creepy.

“I think this is just a reflection of how business operates when it goes unchecked,” Mattu said. “I don’t think there is some super-evil person sitting somewhere trying to collect everyone’s information. There is economic incentive for having this data, and over the last 15 years that incentive has only increased.”

Advertisement

Blacklight isn’t the perfect or only measure of privacy — it’s a cat-and-mouse game with the companies that develop tracking tech. But I hope the Markup updates its audit every year, so we can track how the Web changes as more people become concerned about privacy, and new privacy laws attempt to outlaw some of the snooping.

What’s the point for non-techies? Use Blacklight quickly to see whether you want to trust a site — or evaluate the claims of a CEO who touts “privacy is a human right.” You can download your results and share anything shocking with me or with the smart team at the Markup.

Here’s what’s “normal,” for comparison: The median number of third-party cookies on websites is three. The median number of ad trackers is seven.

What you find might surprise you. As of Thursday, pet food-maker Purina notched almost every possible kind of tracking Blacklight detects, which Purina can use to learn about the demographics and interests of people, their brand loyalty and even to understand how they use their website. It had 14 ad trackers, 28 third-party cookies, fingerprinting, and monitoring of keystrokes and mouse clicks. (Tell Fluffy to be careful out there.)

Advertisement

Sensitive websites track people, too. Planned Parenthood had 42 third-party cookies, according to Blacklight.

Joe Biden’s website as of Thursday used fewer third-party cookies, 10, than President Trump’s website, 18, according to Blacklight.

Microsoft had 43 third-party cookies. Apple had zero — in fact, it uses no tracking tech at all, according to Blacklight.

Just remember: You don’t have to give up all hope of preserving your privacy. There are steps you can take to protect your privacy on the Web.

For most people, I recommend making one simple change: switch browsers to one that includes automatic protection. I like Mozilla’s Firefox, but Apple’s Safari and the new version of Microsoft Edge also provide some protection, as do the privacy-focused DuckDuckGo and Brave.

Advertisement

But if you just can’t quit Chrome, or you’re forced to use it for work, there are ad-blocking and tracker-blocking plugins that can defang Chrome, including Privacy Badger and Ghostery.

URL: https://edition.cnn.com/travel/article/scenic-airport-landings-2020/index.html
CNN —

They say absence makes the heart grow fonder.

The world’s most scenic airport airport approaches, as ranked annually by booking platform PrivateFly, are this year looking more glorious than ever.

More than 6,000 frequent fliers and aviation enthusiasts took part in the 2020 poll, with voting taking place in February and March, just before travel restrictions to fight Covid-19 were introduced around the world.

The winner, for the third year in a row, is Ireland’s Donegal Airport. On the island’s northwest coast, there are sweeping views of rugged coastline, pristine beaches and the steep slopes of Mount Errigal on the approach to this regional airport in Carrickfinn.

While the top spot was held by an old favorite, there are six new entries in this new year’s top 10.

The highest new entry is Tanzania’s Msembe Airstrip, in second place, which serves East Africa’s Ruaha National Park.

Skiathos Alexandros Papadiamantis Airport, at number three, is also making its debut. The airport on the Greek island of Skiathos, in the Aegean Sea, is popular with planespotters thanks to its short runway and close proximity to a public road.

“Many of us have flown less frequently this year, but these ultimate destination landings are a welcome reminder of the uplifting power of travel and aviation – and a jaw-dropping inspiration for some memorable future flights,” Adam Twidell, CEO of the UK-based booking platform for private jet charters, said in a press release.

Donegal Airport on Ireland's northwest Atlantic coast claimed the top spot for the third year running. Courtesy Owen Clarke

Florida’s Orlando Melbourne International Airport was the only top 10 entry for the United States, holding onto its ranking as the fourth most scenic airport view in the world.

“First, you see the beautiful Atlantic Ocean and then pass over the Indian and Banana Rivers,” one 2019 voter said of this descent.

“Then, there is a pass over the Kennedy Space Center and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, where you may get a glimpse of a rocket on a launch pad.”

Scotland’s Barra Airport approach, which offers stunning coastal views, slipped down three spots to fifth place, while Bora Bora’s Motu Mute Airport is ranked sixth best in the world. It’s built on a island on a crystal-blue lagoon in French Polynesia.

St Maarten’s Princess Juliana International Airport, where planes swoop low over Maho Beach, is at number eight, and the Seychelles’ Praslin Island Airport at number nine.

The top 10 was rounded out by two new entries: Dubai International Airport and Fiji’s Nadi International Airport.

Video Ad Feedback Flying with the barefoot pilots of the Maldives 02:31 - Source: CNN Flying with the barefoot pilots of the Maldives 02:31

For the first time, the poll also revealed the highest-ranked airport by region. The Asian winner, Malé (Velana) International Airport the Maldives, was the only one not to also break the top 10.

The airport is a base for Trans Maldivian Airways, the world’s largest seaplane operator, which is famed for its unconventionally clad “barefoot pilots.”

10 most scenic airport landings, according to PrivateFly

1. Donegal Airport, Ireland

2. Msembe Airstrip, Tanzania

3. Skiathos (Alexandros Papadiamantis) Airport, Greece

4. Orlando (Melbourne) International Airport, Florida

5. Barra Airport, Scotland

6. Bora Bora (Motu Mute) Airport, French Polynesia

7. St Maarten (Princess Juliana) International Airport, St Maarten

8. Praslin Island Airport, Seychelles

9. Dubai International Airport, United Arab Emirates

10. Nadi International Airport, Fiji

